so start out how have you found the the
pre-draft process in Germany the
pre-draft process it's been an
interesting one I mean it's different
than anything I've experienced just
because I mean I get to go down and work
out down in Alabama and now I'm back
here training in Iowa City and just kind
of moving around a little bit more than
usual but I mean I'm taking it all in
stride what were the keys for you during
this period that you think you wanted to
get done things I want to get done I
just wanted to get teams to kind of go
back and watch me love me just got to
open a few eyes because I mean I only
had a year starting so I mean a lot of
teams didn't know who I was or anything
like that so just having the opportunity
to perform at pro day and just go out
there and show the guys what I can do I
mean it felt good and I'm happy with my
performance I think it surprised a lot
of people who you know you were flying
under the radar it surprised some people
did it surprise you and all the numbers
you put up I may not be art and a few of
the drills and stuff like that but I
mean I knew I could put up those numbers
and that's what me and my trainer Andy
McCoy we're working it and that and we
we accomplished it do you feel or was it
difficult your career here I mean he'd
really seem like you'd get two steps
forward and three back yeah I mean it
was difficult to a point just because I
had a few injuries here and there and it
was more timing than anything else you
know like during fall camp and when I'm
competing for a spot and stuff like that
so and the guys that got in they took it
and ran with it we have a Marius buffet
we have Sean Prater you know they're
both good guys and I mean it's been a
it's been a hard process but I just
stuck in and fought through it and tried
to have a good senior season how much
does it encourage you to see guys that
have gone through here have gone through
this secondary that are playing in the
NFL it's a pretty big number oh yeah
it's very encouraging I mean a lot of
those
there's multiple guys in the NFL now
that I've played with in the secondary
at Iowan I mean coach Park is a great
position coach and I mean he's done a
great job just preparing guys for the
next level
what for you just during this process
have you tried to push out of your mind
where you might go where you might end
up I know that can drive guys crazy
where they're going to spend their
career or where they gonna start their
career at least yeah I don't really
think about that at all I mean cuz it's
out of my hands I just kind of playing
the waiting game now and just waiting to
get that opportunity a lot of times when
guys fly under the radar like this and
then kind of pop on to it that they're
just kind of like a cat and mouse game
with NFL player personnel they don't
want to know how what Pete other teams
know how much they like you and are you
kind of going through that where teams
are trying to keep you on the down low a
little bit I mean I I guess to an extent
but I mean like I said I can't really
control any of that all I can do is just
continue to prepare and be ready when I
do get that call
have you had workouts with teams
individual stuff yes I've had some
individual workouts and I mean that's
just going out there and it's more
personal and they just get just get to
show them what you can do can you talk
about those teams Irv they asked you not
know the reveal who there that's kind of
where I was going with that previous
question yeah I mean I don't really talk
about the team's just I mean I've been
talking with a few different teams me
and my agent and just going through the
whole process now um where do they do
you get a feel for where they see you at
the next level free strong I mean um I
mean as now I'm willing to play whatever
I can play strong free I'll play nickel
corner and I mean wherever I'm needed
and now I mean I think that's a big
selling point and what teams like about
me is my versatility I mean because I
can play all the like every position in
the secondary as well as help out on
special teams have you gotten advice
from some of those guys we talked about
earlier on on this process and what to
expect former Iowa guys I've talked to
talked to some of the guys a little bit
just a little here and there but I mean
it's just it's just kind of the process
and you just got to go through it
firsthand and see where it takes you you
talk a little bit about coach Doyle and
how he's helped you with this in this
process
oh yeah coach Doyle I mean he's helped
me get to where I am today just strength
wise and just with my body I mean he's
helped me out a lot and I mean he's a
great strength coach I mean he's
hands-down one of the best so it's a
good experience
what are your days like now I mean what
do you get up train go to sleep that's
it it's a it's a little different
without classes but you know get up
we're gonna work out hard for a few
hours and stuff like that get a little
film work and then after that uh my days
pretty much free get to take a nap play
a little call of duty I mean whatever
from that well have you graduated yes
yes what was your degree in recreation
management and minor in sociology I mean
a lot of people look at the football
side of things but how prior to you that
you were able to come through here with
even with the physical set that
sometimes on the football field you get
your degree I'm very proud of it I mean
getting my degree was something that I
want to accomplish and just make my mom
proud so it and that's something that I
got to do and I mean it's behind me now
has it has just been a dream for you to
play in the league I mean was that
something that from an early age is
something when you got here I mean
what's it been like yeah I think that's
something that uh I mean all Pop Warner
kids playing football I mean that's a
dream of this and just being able to put
myself in a position where I can have
that opportunity I mean it's it's a
dream come true what do you think of
this class for you guys from Iowa this
draft class it seems pretty strong yeah
I mean we definitely have guys that have
been through a lot that everybody's had
their own story and I mean the guys
they've I mean we've only we've grown
closer throughout the years and uh just
because we've had to go through so much
together and I mean I feel like this
draft class it's it's very strong and I
mean guys are gonna hopefully have
successful careers what are you doing
during the draft do you watch it do you
don't walk around the mall with actually
I have no clue what I'm gonna do yet so
I'll cross that bridge and I get to it
do you feel like you'll be drafted you
get a sense whether you'll be drafted or
free agent doesn't matter
I mean sometimes being afraid you get to
pick your spot yeah I mean for me right
now I I just want the opportunity it
doesn't really matter one way or the
other